REQUIREMENTS

SISCweb requires these software versions:

    - SISC 1.15 or later (1.16 preferred)
    - Java 1.4.2 or later
    - J2EE 1.3 or later (Servlet spec. 2.3 or later)


COMPILING

In order to compile SISCweb, paths to the SISC home, as well as to the
servlet API jar need to be specified in the build.properties
file. NOTE: the SISC home should contain the heap file in a
sisc-heap.jar file (built with "ant heap-jar").

A build.properties.sample file is provided. Once the paths are set:

  - "ant dist" will build a siscweb.jar; this jar is the SISCweb
    library per se.

  - "ant opt-hibernate" "ant opt-sql" "ant opt-sxml" will build the
    optional libraries; external dependencies are automatically
    downloaded.

  - "ant dist-examples" will build a self-contained siscweb-examples.war
    ready for deployment; the war will include all the add-ons and their
    external dependencies.

See also individual INSTALL files in the opt/ folder for instructions
on how to compile support for additional functionalities. Note that
the "dist-examples" task will pick up any optional component that was
"ant dist"ed.


INSTALLING

Using SISCweb in web applications is simple matter of including its
components in the classpath and making some entries in the web.xml
deployment descriptor. Please see the documentation for more details.

First-time users may want to check out the example WAR file
(siscweb-examples-[v].war). It can be deployed by simply dropping it
into the deployment folder of a J2EE appserver, and can also be used
as the starting point for developing a new application.


*** WARNING ***

While the server-side REPL is disabled in the SISCweb examples WAR
file available from sourceforge.net, if you build it from sources, a
REPL will be bound to the localhost:5156 socket. This is a security
vulnerability. You should make sure to disable this feature if you are
concerned about other people on the same host gaining access to a
full-fledged REPL.


(C) 2005-2006 Alessandro Colomba <acolomba@users.sourceforge.net>

